docs: update README with local run guide (#704)
ExchangeUnion/xud-docker: README.md

After the corresponding Travis build succeeded, other people can easily run your feature branch on their machine like this.

```bash
bash xud.sh -b your-feature-branch
```

## Use local built images

> You could run xud-docker with your local built images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run xud-docker with your locally built images only:
```
